Image     Accelerator      Sampler      Configuration     Time        OS      Lot     Machine
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  822.765409507  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  892.735315446  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  373.640014555  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  166.721883000  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  308.577705228  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  230.599362169  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  372.678927242  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1207.815820429  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  332.606696653  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  276.557339700  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  168.702092348  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  206.895291190  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  222.576179896  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1122.759976774  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  333.565058714  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  205.897662182  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1714.4493717  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  206.0164343  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  304.6728697  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  1127.8237762  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1679.7009298  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  1118.7468988  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  507.640665  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  431.4399176  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  285.4505975  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  427.0624447  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  196.6945687  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  310.0710686  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  502.333253  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  322.4852696  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  436.101965  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  433.1038558  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  757.635947910  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  147.729004093  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  286.420379615  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  308.373704734  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1022.634973307  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  144.668229841  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1017.637120424  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  253.546221013  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  283.409460532  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  190.546598049  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  318.623594842  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  193.558906433  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  194.844818045  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  747.600266408  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  192.874409953  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  263.563725875  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1062.722755550  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  250.596755077  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  203.902956903  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  325.856840218  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  185.592280749  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  293.675283174  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  757.725667509  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  276.724298637  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  301.082168296  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  345.897779304  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  762.789740906  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  149.743253546  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  207.916378262  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  191.630317224  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1022.727152528  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  151.714690023  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  306.634740129  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  222.570504078  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  887.689955940  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  223.968061204  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  369.688238285  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  228.563795000  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  166.795239503  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  332.614965625  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  222.884288629  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  332.757891086  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  307.602337955  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  168.689480868  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1222.690751587  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1233.120077199  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  887.709783674  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  342.662887361  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 939.9588398 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 410.5800205 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 1434.0901501 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 201.1340725 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 287.4864743 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 410.713567 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 399.1820901 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 173.2287736 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 249.1111412 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 273.8896099 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 951.7916557 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 1439.3648073 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 269.6089878 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 378.2599778 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 436.008466 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 467.8391826 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  194.574316137  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  742.588485244  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  280.378301958  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  185.537076838  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1012.606297896  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  280.358461405  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  181.891350080  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  752.606653092  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  142.684742291  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  194.841022781  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  251.544786033  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1012.628458254  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  257.570193820  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  144.663700001  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  315.396855025  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  307.385744250  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  260.657977974  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  186.575583631  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  742.678834640  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  fractal-kdtree  sobol fractal-kdtree-sobol  201.928215252  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  metal-bvh  halton metal-bvh-halton  330.192003725  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  195.626806590  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  fractal-bvh  halton fractal-bvh-halton  149.760109126  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  metal-kdtree  sobol metal-kdtree-sobol  300.970776914  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  fractal-kdtree  halton fractal-kdtree-halton  207.905785477  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  metal-bvh  sobol metal-bvh-sobol  298.525214251  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  259.602063330  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  fractal-bvh  sobol fractal-bvh-sobol  151.713041764  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1017.683769297  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1027.721749340  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  747.684386606  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  metal-kdtree  halton metal-kdtree-halton  328.597603913  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
