Image     Accelerator      Sampler      Configuration     Time        OS      Lot     Machine
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  822.765409507  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  892.735315446  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  373.640014555  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  166.721883000  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  308.577705228  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  230.599362169  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  372.678927242  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1207.815820429  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  332.606696653  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  276.557339700  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  168.702092348  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  206.895291190  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  222.576179896  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1122.759976774  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  333.565058714  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  205.897662182  UbuntuNative  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1714.4493717  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  206.0164343  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  304.6728697  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  1127.8237762  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1679.7009298  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  1118.7468988  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  507.640665  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  431.4399176  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  285.4505975  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  427.0624447  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  196.6945687  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  310.0710686  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  502.333253  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  322.4852696  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  436.101965  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  433.1038558  Windows  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  757.635947910  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  147.729004093  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  286.420379615  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  308.373704734  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1022.634973307  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  144.668229841  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1017.637120424  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  253.546221013  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  283.409460532  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  190.546598049  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  318.623594842  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  193.558906433  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  194.844818045  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  747.600266408  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  192.874409953  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  263.563725875  WSL  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol  kdtree-sobol  1062.722755550  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol    kdtree-sobol  250.596755077  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton   kdtree-halton  203.902956903  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  325.856840218  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol  bvh-sobol  185.592280749  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  293.675283174  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton  bvh-halton  757.725667509  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton  kdtree-halton  276.724298637  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol   kdtree-sobol  301.082168296  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton   bvh-halton  345.897779304  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol    bvh-sobol  762.789740906  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  149.743253546  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  207.916378262  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton    bvh-halton  191.630317224  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton    kdtree-halton  1022.727152528  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol   bvh-sobol  151.714690023  UbuntuVM  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  306.634740129  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  222.570504078  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  887.689955940  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  223.968061204  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  369.688238285  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  228.563795000  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  166.795239503  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  332.614965625  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  222.884288629  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  332.757891086  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  307.602337955  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  168.689480868  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1222.690751587  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1233.120077199  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  887.709783674  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  342.662887361  UbuntuNative  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 939.9588398 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 410.5800205 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 1434.0901501 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 201.1340725 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 287.4864743 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 410.713567 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 399.1820901 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 173.2287736 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 249.1111412 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 273.8896099 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 951.7916557 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 1439.3648073 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 269.6089878 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 378.2599778 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 436.008466 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 467.8391826 Windows 2 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  194.574316137  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  742.588485244  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  280.378301958  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  185.537076838  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1012.606297896  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  280.358461405  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  181.891350080  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  752.606653092  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  142.684742291  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  194.841022781  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  251.544786033  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1012.628458254  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  257.570193820  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  144.663700001  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  315.396855025  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  307.385744250  WSL  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  260.657977974  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  186.575583631  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  742.678834640  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  201.928215252  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  330.192003725  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  195.626806590  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  149.760109126  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  300.970776914  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  207.905785477  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  298.525214251  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  259.602063330  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  151.713041764  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1017.683769297  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1027.721749340  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  747.684386606  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  328.597603913  UbuntuVM  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  297.263052024  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  752.857503035  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  747.736652660  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  147.833287432  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  295.745146862  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  150.771205749  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1027.897995430  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  192.641824016  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1012.811797147  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  204.047843424  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  252.626901665  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  329.065039410  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  258.665656056  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  207.033233525  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  328.884625567  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  186.625657193  UbuntuVM  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  285.402502991  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  188.869426268  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  186.543036971  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  316.427791346  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  251.551496048  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  144.671792699  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  316.405405596  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  747.608569311  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  192.560787040  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  257.573087260  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  137.689972822  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  283.386204840  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  737.590186745  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1002.619923600  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1032.629700294  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  182.837303287  WSL  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 1018.6818425 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 476.152857 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 398.1822519 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 402.8139087 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 291.1506217 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 1514.3001027 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 182.7023849 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 403.8858782 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 300.3022812 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 467.8989658 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 401.92871 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt bvh halton bvh-halton 1012.4648508 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 1553.3844059 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt kdtree sobol kdtree-sobol 267.2405996 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt bvh sobol bvh-sobol 197.1323586 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt kdtree halton kdtree-halton 279.5893232 Windows 3 MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  273.601980653  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  168.782132040  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1207.756754887  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  227.673079261  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  223.921415164  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  222.646676076  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  340.751993219  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  332.602829586  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  887.706761901  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  370.663734080  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1207.755581790  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  220.997578896  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  334.635765945  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  887.716140981  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  305.690815866  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  165.769193950  UbuntuNative  3  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  166.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  259.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  340.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  934.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  176.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  929.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  332.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1279.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  238.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  375.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  402.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  249.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1274.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  396.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  375.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  233.0  BSD  1  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  342.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  939.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  248.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  365.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  1284.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  332.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  162.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  364.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-halton.pbrt  kdtree  halton kdtree-halton  232.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  169.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-bvh-sobol.pbrt  bvh  sobol bvh-sobol  259.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
teapot-metal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  345.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  1284.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
bidir-bvh-halton.pbrt  bvh  halton bvh-halton  923.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
buddha-fractal-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  222.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
spotfog-kdtree-sobol.pbrt  kdtree  sobol kdtree-sobol  338.0  BSD  2  MaquinaChen
